Remove incorrect statement about partition sizing based on retention.local.target.bytes (#1315)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/shared/tiered-storage/_set-retention-limits.mdx

You can use topic-level properties to control retention of topic data in local storage. Settings can depend on the size of your drive, how many partitions you have, and how much data you keep for each partition.

> With Tiered Storage enabled, data expires from local storage following `retention.local.target.ms` or `retention.local.target.bytes`. These are equivalent to `retention.ms` and `retention.bytes` without Tiered Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Tiered Storage enabled, data in local storage expires following `retention.local.target.ms` or `retention.local.target.bytes`. These settings are equivalent to `retention.ms` and `retention.bytes` without Tiered Storage.
```
